/*
by Slartibartfast
Maybe you've already figured it out yourself, chuanhsing, but it still might be helpful as I cannot see any anymations in your latest WMV version:
Animation in WotLK is actually easy once you've understood what Blizzard has changed. They have essentially gone from one single, long timeline per model (with every single animation covering a slice of this timeline, based on their start and end times) to a multi-timeline approach where each animation has its own timeline, starting at 0 with the length as defined in the animation sequence data structure.
Because of this, the basic animation block structure had to be changed. They dumped the interpolation ranges (as those aren't necessary anymore if each animation has its own timeline), and they have added another layer of references for the timestamp and value information. This means instead of the number of timestamps followed by the offset to said timestamps there's now the number of timelines followed by an offset to the timeline data. This offset leads to a structure of 8 bytes per timeline, with the first 4 bytes making up the actual number of timestamps for one specific timeline and the next 4 being an offset to the actual timestamp data. The keyframe values are stored in a similar fashion.
All of this of course does not account for the new .anim files which seem to be single animations that aren't stored in the .m2 file itself - I haven't looked at those yet, so I can't give you any hints about their structure. But the changes described above will get all animations stored in the file itself to work fine, which is the vast majority of animations.

Okay, now I think I've understood how those .anim-files fit into the picture. Blizzard has created them to externalize seldomly-needed animations such as dance animations from the main model file, probably to speed up the loading process by loading them on-demand when they are to be played.
Their structure is simple: they don't have any structure on their own. They are just a pile of binary data, which is being referenced from the animation sub-blocks (I just decided to call those sub-structures in the animation blocks that contain the actual keyframe data for a single animation "animation sub-blocks", see my last post for details on this) in the exact same way as data in the main model file is being referenced: by offsets to timestamp/keyframe data. These references just point into the .anim-file corresponding to a specific animation id if an animation is stored externally.
The names of the animation data files are composed from the following template: [model file name][animation id]-[animation sub-id].anim
However, there's still one thing I don't understand: how someone can decide if an animation sequence is stored internally (in the model file) or externally. Of course it's possible to check if a corresponding .anim file exists, but I don't think that this is how WoW actually does it as that would result in quite some overhead. That information is probably stored somewhere in the main model file, but I haven't found it yet...

http://www.wowmodelviewer.org/forum/index.php?topic=3672.40
*/